font-family = "JetBrains Mono"
font-size = 15
theme = "Espresso"
link-url = false
shell-integration = detect
term = xterm-256color
copy-on-select = true

keybind = global:cmd+ctrl+option+q=toggle_quick_terminal
quick-terminal-animation-duration = 0.1

window-save-state = always
window-new-tab-position = end
window-decoration = true
window-padding-x = 3
window-padding-y = 3

unfocused-split-opacity = 0.6
focus-follows-mouse = false
macos-titlebar-style = native
clipboard-paste-protection=true
#shell-integration-features=no-cursor

cursor-opacity = 0.8
cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = true
cursor-color = #d6d6d6

background-opacity = 0.95
background-blur-radius=15
minimum-contrast = 1.5
window-vsync = true
macos-option-as-alt = false
desktop-notifications = true
mouse-scroll-multiplier = 1.5
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
bold-is-bright = true
mouse-shift-capture = never

background = #383838
selection-background = #5b5b5b
selection-foreground = #dfdfff
palette = 4=#2774C7
palette = 8=#6A6A6A

keybind = super+f=write_screen_file:open